# 2024-01-16
## Goal
### For trading engine
- TradingEngineService：Event comes in -> processing -> add result to queue -> different threads: processes result in queue, export via redis, kafka, and do persistence/
- Export: notification, api result, orderbook to redis, tick message to kafka
- Implement a recovering system in case of memory crash.
    - Define the state of trading engine:
        - asset list
        - order list
        - matching list
        - currently processing event (sequenceID)
- Unit Test tradingEngineService core function: Event comes in -> processing
  - validate the consistency of [order, matching], [order, asset]
    - order service的order必须在MatchingService中,且数量一致
    - 订单冻结的累计金额必须和Asset冻结一致
  


## Completed Work
- all the above
## Next Step
- Integration Test the rest of tradingEngineService: the redis, kafka function, persistence.

## Other Notes
- TickEntity: do persistence in sequencing system, here we just use it.
- About zoneID: Due to reasons such as daylight saving time, the timezone may change, resulting in a change in the zoneid. The timezone is set by the configuration file, so it cannot be set as final in the TradingEngineService. Additionally, since the getter for zoneid, as a bean, is only automatically called during the first creation, it is necessary to manually invoke the getter when the configuration file is updated. This is similar for other config that would like to change during runtime, calling the config class's getter.
- Tick: 每当价格发生变动或者发生一次交易，交易引擎就会生成一个 TickMessage 对象，并将它发送到消息队列中。然后，其他部分的系统可以从消息队列中读取这些 TickMessage 对象，以获取价格变动的信息或者交易的信息。