# 2024-01-14

## Goal
### For trading engine
- OrderEntity, MatchingDetailEntity: After processing orders, use asynchronous database insertion to persist needed entities, Need to implement storage related class and service.



## Completed Work
- StoreService: the operation for persistence of OrderEntity, MatchingDetailEntity
## Next Step
- EventEntity: used in later sequencing persistence, also add public List<BaseEvent> loadEventsFromDb(long lastEventId) to storeService
- Pack up asset, order, matching, clearing, event input, redis output, altogether, implementing TradingEngineService.
- Implement a recovering system in case of memory crash.
    - Define the state of trading engine:
        - asset list
        - order list
        - matching list
        - currently processing event (sequenceID)
- Test the above
## Other Notes
- TradingEngineService uses Constructor Injection, all dependencies will be listed in constructor(instead of using @autowired), thus making it clear, also it is beneficial to unit testing, while I can directly construct objects to inject instead of using spring context.
- About zoneID: Due to reasons such as daylight saving time, the timezone may change, resulting in a change in the zoneid. The timezone is set by the configuration file, so it cannot be set as final in the TradingEngineService. Additionally, since the getter for zoneid, as a bean, is only automatically called during the first creation, it is necessary to manually invoke the getter when the configuration file is updated. This is similar for other config that would like to change during runtime, calling the config class's getter.